# Zain-Hayat
we are one of the best leading company providing nang delivery in all over the Melbourne 
Where to buy nangs in Melbourne, Australia can be a challenging task as there is an immeasurable number of these wonderful street-foods being served in the city. Of course, there are Nang soup and Nang Pie which are two of the most popular of these street-foods, though, to name a few, there is also the famous Phuket Nang, (which is basically noodles), Laksa Nang and the ever-popular Satay which can be found in most of the Northern part of the city. With all these great varieties of the famous street-food, it is indeed a wonder that they are still being sold in such numbers. The question then becomes where to buy nangs from. The traditional answer is of course to travel to the various 'Nang Loi' shops which are mostly found in and around the areas of Clarke Quay and the Melbourne Harbor area.

These shops are the best places to buy nangs and other authentic Thai food products as they will have been personally made by the chefs who use the very best ingredients available, and who know their food, and their recipes inside out. The quality of the nang recipes will be quite impressive as well as the presentation - in many cases they will be able to take your order and still be making changes to the meal, such as keeping the rice warm while adding extra spices to the meat. The prices at these traditional 'nang delivery' shops are usually quite reasonable, so you can get as many as you need for a big group or a party of friends. But if you plan on buying them in bulk, or you plan on bringing your own nang recipe with you from home, then it might be worth considering one of the many internet-based wholesale sellers of nang delivery who offer excellent prices and a wide selection of different food to sample.

For example, Nang Spice, sells authentic Thai nang recipes and has hundreds of different styles and types of noodles, meats, vegetables and other ingredients to suit any taste or budget. They are based in Thailand, and ship across the world to most parts of Europe, America, Australia and Asia. Another place to look for nang delivery is Tham Ting Restaurant and Nang Para, both in Pattaya. Both sell a wide range of authentic nang recipes, with some also being set up as restaurants so that you can buy nang recipes and take them home with you.
